1.Q. How did viewing a diff between two versions 
of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It pin-pointed to the where the typo was
and helped me correct my mistake.
I did not have to go through the whole big file.

2.Q. How could having easy access to the entire 
history of a file make you a more efficient
programmer in the long term?
Suppose you commit a mistake and the whole
program which you wrote goes haywire,
you can just jump back to a previous version!

3.Q. What do you think are the pros and cons of 
manually choosing when to create a commit, like 
you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google Docs does?
When manually choosing, human error might come
into picture and we might forget to commit.
All our work will be lost.
On the other hand, auto-commit will give too
many commits and we might not have even
finished typing when it automatically
commits.

4.Q. Why do you think some version control 
systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, 
treat each file separately?
While writing a program or a webpage, you handle
multiple files which are interconnected to
control the whole project. So it makes sense to
allow saving multiple files in one commit.
Whereas, in Google Docs, documents are not
interrelated, and there is no need to save
multiple files at the same time.

5.Q. How can you use the commands git log and 
git diff to view the history of files?
First you decide which part in history you want
to view. Then you use log to navigate to that
commit at that point in history.
Then, you should use diff to compare it to the
previous or present version.

6.Q. How might using version control make you 
more confident to make changes that could break 
something?
Now that our current version is saved, we don't
need to worry about any changes we make in the
future because we can always revert back to the
commit in which it was working perfectly.

7.Q. Now that you have your workspace set up, 
what do you want to try using Git for?
Since I am just a beginning programmer, I
want to use git for whatever project I am
going to work on, whether I want to do
web-development or any other type of
programmer. This is just the beginning.